[BREATHING]
WOMAN (VOICEOVER):
Gently, very gently,
allow my voice to be your guide.
10, your body lets go.
Nine, your muscles ease.
8.
7, and any apprehension
fades away.
6.
LUKE (VOICEOVER): It's her.
WOMAN (VOICEOVER): Four.
Three.
Just relax and tell
me what you see.
LUKE (VOICEOVER): She's
climbing into a hole.
I can't-- I can't see.
I can't see the rest.
WOMAN (VOICEOVER): And
what's happening before this?
LUKE (VOICEOVER): It's a house.
Old.
Feels familiar.
There's going to
be another trial.
The villages say it's
Mary who inclined
you into a moment of passion.
Maybe he inclined himself.
We must protect our self
against the devil's work.
I hope you haven't
been seen with her.
If she is a witch, God
will decide her destiny.
WOMAN (VOICEOVER): Relax.
Easy.
Who, along with his brother,
painted the Ghent Altarpiece
in approximately 1432?
In three, four.
Luke, can I read you this?
"Perched on the hills
with upstairs bay views
and an established
north facing garden
is this classic 1910
Edwardian mansion,
only an hour and a
half from the city,
built by the descendants--
Too far.
[SIGH]
Too far from what?
It's J. Starts with
a J. Good to know.
Well, you don't
have to live there.
We could buy it
as an investment.
What would you do there?
What would I do there?
Oh, it'll be so
romantic and different.
We could have sheep
and chickens and cow.
LUKE: Katherine?
Hm?
LUKE: Have you ever
touched an animal?
If I give you the answer,
will you promise to ring up?
Just to ask about the price?
Please?
LUKE: OK.
Yeah.
All right.
What's the answer,
Ms. Smarty Pants?
Jan van Eyck.
LUKE: How did you know that?
I think it was Hubert
who was the sculptor
and Jan the painter.
Well, I'm very impressed.
Eyck-- I-E-K. Hey.
No, no, no, give me the paper.
-I can't--
-Give me the paper.
Will you-- please,
don't write in that.
Let me finish that--
Marry me.
I'm going really well
with this, please?
Marry me.
Oh, come on, stop
being-- seriously?
-Yeah.
-Really?
Yeah.
Marry you?
Well, why-- why-- why
now, after so long?
Well, why not?
It's romantic.
Will you marry me?
Give me this.
Thank you.
Stop the car.
-What?
-Just here, just here.
-Why?
Just pull over right here.
KATHERINE: What are you doing?
Luke?
[PHONE RINGING]
Hello?
Katherine speaking.
Yes.
Yeah, I'll have to get
back to you on that.
OK, thanks.
Oh, my God.
Luke--
Don't laugh.
No, look, I've--
really, I've been
thinking about this
and I know it--
it wasn't-- it wasn't right.
But I would love-- I would be
honored if-- will you marry me?
Say yes.
-Yes.
Yes.
We can have a church wedding.
-Yes.
We can have it at--
[PHONE RINGING]
Hold that thought--
church wedding.
Katherine speaking.
That case is still
being reviewed.
Look, I know that's
what Malcolm said,
but Malcolm--
Malcolm-- yeah, I know.
Um, look, can I call you
back in about 10 minutes?
Yes.
Stop it.
Sorry.
I'll call you back.
Bye.
[LAUGHTER]
I'm just going
to set that there.
Just watch in there,
because of the scratches.
-OK, all right.
-See the scratches--
LUKE: Can you grab my bag
out of the front, please?
Yeah.
LUKE: Thank you.
How long have you had this for?
Who knows.
Thank you very much, wifey.
See you.
Bye.
Luke?
I, um, I have this gathering
thing I want to go to.
And before you say no--
Well, yes, what is it?
OK, it's a club, a
laughter club thing.
You get together with
other people and you--
[LAUGHTER]
-Really?
What-- why-- why
do you want to go?
Because I thought I might
try something different,
something alternative.
Please come with me.
Really?
I mean, it's--
anything but this.
Why?
Because it's just
so embarrassing.
Well, you'd be--
you'd be supporting me.
Now, look, let me
read you the bill.
Look, I know you have to go.
Here we go.
OK, here we go.
Laughter has been shown to
alleviate many conditions--
I know, I don't
doubt it, really.
Including-- and here comes the
good bit-- anxiety, depression,
pain, addiction, allergies, and
even contributes to a positive
prognosis in cancer sufferers.
Please, baby?
All right, all
right, all right.
OK, I'll come.
I'll come.
[LAUGHTER]
Excellent.
Would you like to join us?
Really, come on.
It's no problem.
It's easy.
You sure?
No?
[LAUGHTER]
-Katherine--
-What?
Get my bag.
What?
Jesus Christ.
Shit.
LUKE: Someone got
a mobile phone?
We need to call an ambulance.
Now, are you in any pain at all?
-No.
-Good.
OK, great.
Now, you just need to relax, OK?
I believe this is
going to be fine.
Jesus Christ.
Listen to my voice, all right?
Here.
Just can you grab me
out the rescue remedy?
Is it in there, Katherine?
How should I know?
Just give the man
some drugs, Luke.
Drugs.
WOMAN (VOICEOVER): Are
you OK to continue?
LUKE (VOICEOVER): Yeah.
WOMAN (VOICEOVER): So give me
an idea of how things proceed
from here.
LUKE (VOICEOVER):
Things feel calm.
[LAUGHTER]
Close your eyes.
Close.
I'll call three times,
then you can open them.
OK.
[MAKING BIRD CALLS]
You're leaving.
Please come with me.
Did you cut it?
It's beautiful.
I have more.
This is our way out.
Please tell me they're yours.
I have learned all I
can from the old man.
There is no future for me here.
He treats you so badly.
Why would you stay?
His heart is good.
Really?
He moved you away
from the village
not to protect you, only
to conserve his reputation.
They will come for you
like they did for Mary.
Maybe they should.
When?
When do you leave?
The last boat leaves
in a couple of days.
We have to leave
tomorrow, at dawn.
No later.
Wait for me.
[LAUGHTER]
It's late.
Remove your dress.
Why do this to yourself?
You have done this to me.
Don't touch me.
Take this spell of
me and then touch me.
There is no spell.
You have taken away my passion.
After all that I
have done for you.
There is no spell.
If it wasn't for my
love and the love of God,
your body would have
been engulfed by fire.
It's your type of
compassion that I cherish.
WOMAN (VOICEOVER): Now,
Luke, on the count of three,
we'll [INAUDIBLE]
refreshed, and remember only
the things that will be of use.
Three, two, one.
How do you feel?
KATHERINE: I'm
sorry I freaked out.
It's just not everyone's
into alternative stuff.
You know, people take comfort
in pills, and thermometers,
and Western medicine, you know?
LUKE: I didn't realize you
represented the people.
KATHERINE: I don't.
Eee-ah, eee-ah, ah-eee.
[LAUGHTER]
See, they're are
legal implications
to these situations.
OK, what if the man died?
Oh, he didn't die.
KATHERINE: He could have died.
Wow, look at that dress.
Oh, wow, can we stop here?
Please come and choose
my dress with me.
LUKE: What?
Isn't that bad luck?
KATHERINE: No, no,
let's just stop here.
LUKE: OK, all right,
look, I can't stop.
It's a freeway.
So just hop out
and I'll catch up.
-Hello.
-Hi.
Please let me know if there's
anything I can help you with.
Thanks.
I love your shoes, great color.
-Oh, thanks.
It's amazing how many
comments I get about them.
Would you like a
glass of champagne?
KATHERINE: I'd love one.
Thank you.
Luke.
Luke, do you want a
glass of champagne?
I suggest you try
the dress on top.
We've got some more
by the same designer,
so if you like the style--
Yeah, it's great.
Don't you think so?
Mm, stay there.
Thank you.
I'll be with you shortly.
Would you like a glass of water?
LUKE: No, thanks.
Luke?
How do I look?
Oh, good.
Good?
$8,000 good?
Concentrate.
Should I try another one one?
See, look how sexy the back is.
Oh, what about that dress that
that girl's wearing over there?
LUKE: Hey, um, can we just
come back another time?
I'm a bit tired.
Oh, OK, but see,
that dress is nice.
I'm just not sure
about the color though.
What do you think?
I don't really know.
Can we go?
Yeah, OK.
OK.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Ah.
[LAUGHTER]
I've been looking
for you everywhere.
Let me-- let me get that.
How'd you end up parking here?
What's all this about?
I'm enjoying your champagne.
Oh, lovely.
Let's go.
LUKE: OK.
KATHERINE: What'd you
think of the dresses?
LUKE: Yeah.
[CRYING]
[MUSIC - BOBBY FLYNN
AND THE OMEGA THREE,
"COME AND GET AWAY"]
Just-- just hang on
for one second, please.
What's going on?
Sandy's sick, again.
Twice in two weeks, that is.
That's it.
Don't talk me out of it.
Where's Tony?
Oh, well, it's her
day off, apparently.
Yes, and Sandy has
forgotten to write it down.
Ah, great.
Luke, are you going
to be much longer?
Hi, Mrs. Jones--
It's just that I've
got a hair appointment.
I'm so sorry.
It's just absolute
chaos out here today.
-Well, where's Sandy?
-Exactly.
Where is everyone?
-Here.
Thank you.
Would you like me
to go into your room?
Yeah, that'll be great.
Would you, please?
Just go in, make
yourself comfortable.
I'll be in a couple of minutes.
So what do you want to do?
OK, I'll see Mrs. Jones
and then I'll come out here.
I'll do the front desk.
K?
Well, I don't get it.
I mean, when I was her
age, I was too scared to be
sick, or late, or unemployed.
-Poor old man.
I have to go.
Call you later.
LUKE: I'm so sorry about that.
Oh, it's OK.
LUKE: Please excuse me for one
second while I get changed.
Oh, how I love that line.
[LAUGHTER]
Do you, uh, mind if
I light the burner?
No, please.
It'd be lovely.
Where do you think
the line comes from?
Well, it was probably a
version of the excuse me
while I slip into
something more comfortable.
Ah, yes, indeed.
Is that Mae West?
Or something like that.
Can I get you a cup of tea?
Well, that'd--
really, that's much--
No, no, it's my
pleasure, really.
Well, that'd be fabulous.
Peppermint, please?
Mhm, yeah.
Can I make another call?
LUKE: By all means.
Excuse me.
Sorry.
Just a minute, I'll be back in.
What's up?
I've got a counselling
session with a priest.
-What?
-Look, I-- I know.
It's-- the thing is that
this is the first one.
-Are you even Catholic?
-No, I-- I don't know.
I might be.
But look, the thing is
it's this afternoon.
Well, if you can handle the
desk until then at least--
Yes.
I'll--
Call Megan.
-Really?
Do you think she would do it?
She loves her husband.
Very much.
If we weren't in public,
I'd kiss you right now.
Thanks.
Where do we go?
I don't know.
So who do we see?
Father Jackson.
Do you want a mint?
-Yeah.
-Hello.
-Ah.
You must be Luke and Katherine.
Yes.
That's us.
Hello.
You must be Brother Jackson.
Father Neville, like
the Neville brothers.
Good to meet you.
-Come this way.
-Father Jackson.
Yeah.
Any one of these
is fine, thanks.
Well, firstly,
welcome to St. Pat's.
KATHERINE: Thank you.
So what I'd like to do
in this first session
is to get to know you
both a bit better,
but also to provide an
open forum for discussion
without judgment.
I find that,
especially these days,
people tend to lurch into
marriage without really
understanding what it means.
So I'm going to ask
you some questions,
but if there's anything you
ant to raise-- concerns,
feelings-- please, feel free.
Is that OK?
-Yeah.
-Mhm.
-It's fine.
Good.
Well, um, let's get some of
the formalities out of the way.
Um, um, when were
you thinking of--
Three months.
Sorry, is that what you mean?
Sorry.
Please, go on, yeah.
Um, yeah, in about three
to four months, if possible,
on a Sunday afternoon.
And were you planning to have
a large-- a large gathering.
No, not really.
On my side, there's my mum,
my dad died not long ago.
Mhm.
Luke doesn't have any family.
So-- I mean, well, he does--
LUKE: I'm a doctor, so my
step parents live in Denmark
and they're quite frail, so--
KATHERINE: We're going to
see them after the wedding.
Right.
Well, since we've covered
so much ground so quickly,
I-- I think I can, um,
cut to the chase here.
What do you-- what
do both of you
hope to learn from this union?
Either about each other
or about yourself or--
KATHERINE: Do you
want some water?
LUKE: Yeah.
Luke, would you
like to go first?
LUKE: Well-- OK, well, I
guess, um, I want to, you know,
learn how to support each other,
emotionally and spiritually.
Learn how to--
know when-- when to
hold your ground and,
you know, when not to.
Fall into each other.
I think it's important
to, uh-- what's
it-- to-- to learn how to-- how
to not-- how to not fall out
of love, if you
know what I mean.
Yeah.
That's-- that's all I can
think of at the moment.
Thank you, Luke.
Katherine?
Well, this is an interesting
question, isn't it?
Um.
Luke and I have been
together for eight years now.
And we know each other so well
and we've grown so fast so far.
I'm sorry, I'm just not
very good at answering
these kind of questions.
Um.
I'd like to learn how
to share my-- my things
and my feelings more.
Why get married now?
But why not?
Is this an interrogation?
Um, because I love him.
He loves me.
And we know each
other really well.
That's a great answer.
Does it have to be
a complicated reason
to make something important?
OK, um, let's, um, let's
change the focus for a moment.
[PHONE RINGING]
Oh, sorry about that.
Do you mind if I get this?
No, please.
Excuse me.
Doesn't he have a
direct connection to God?
[DOOR CLOSING]
No, what business is it of
his who we are and what we do?
Brother Jackson is
just doing his job.
This is not funny.
Let's just-- no, let's
ditch the whole church thing
and just get a
celibate to do it.
OK.
Sorry about that.
You want to tell him?
FATHER NEVILLE: Where were we?
Ah, yes.
Incidentally, what-- have
you discussed your plans
for starting a family?
Yeah, we have, actually.
LUKE: I don't want
to have children.
KATHERINE: Luke, don't.
LUKE: Don't what?
KATHERINE: We've discussed
this previously, remember?
I know.
And I've always said no.
Well, why do you feel so
strongly about this, Luke?
KATHERINE: Well, just tell
him about your nightmares.
He has these nightmares.
He doesn't sleep for days
about burning babies and fire.
And he's seeing a hypnotist--
OK, that is beside the point.
I just think it's-- it's
pretty simple, really.
You know, children need time
and effort and patience.
FATHER NEVILLE: Katherine?
Exactly where I--
We talked about
this five year ago.
I know, it was years ago.
Now, you bring it up
in front of a priest--
-Well, what did you expect?
-That I never met before.
What do you expect?
It's a counselling meeting.
So don't you realize when
you say things like that it
was like you rejecting me?
It's like you're
revolted by something
coming through me into
the world and just
say it in front of him.
I asked you not to
talk about our stuff.
He asked me.
Oh, since when did
you become a do-gooder?
Oh.
There's no point.
Let's just forget
the whole thing.
Katherine, please,
just calm down.
Katherine, can you just
get back in the car?
We can talk about it at home.
No, no, no.
Fine.
So you wait until my exit just
about dried up to tell me this?
I've always told you
exactly how I feel.
But if you love me,
if you really love me,
this wouldn't be an issue.
I do love you.
KATHERINE: Oh, yeah, you
love all the easy bits,
but when it comes for hard
commitments and stuff,
you're gone.
-What?
And you think this is easy?
-See?
Even in argument,
you're insulting me.
Let's just call the
whole thing off.
Wait.
What do you mean?
If you want to be with me, you
have to have a family with me.
-You are my family.
-Bullshit.
[BELL TOLLING]
LUKE (VOICEOVER): Can we
talk about it another time?
I don't have a lot of time.
LUKE: But you want
to have a baby?
Don't you understand,
Katherine, that children
just absorb all you time?
That's what childcare is for.
No, no, no.
No, no, you can't create
something and then just reject
it just 'cause you're too busy.
They-- they feel, they absorb.
They feel everything.
They love.
It's not like a puppy
that you can just
take back when you're bored.
There's not a RSPCA
for humans, Katherine.
You're right.
So maybe we could
practice on a dog first.
See how I go.
I mean, I could learn to do
all that grimy poo stuff.
I could walk it, and love
it, and take care of it.
It's going to be
long and cruel winter.
The moon is hanging low.
Would you be kind enough to
let me visit the village?
What's wrong?
Whose child do you carry?
Don't say that.
You woman, if it wasn't
for your devil's work,
my reputation in
the village would
still be held at high esteem.
Your spells.
And flying.
Flying.
How can you believe that?
The vicar saw you.
They saw you fly
about the trees.
Now that same group
will come for your head.
I will deliver you to
them and I will not weep.
It's your passion
that is growing in me.
It cannot be and you know that.
How can you crumble a
man's soul with such ease?
The sacrifices I have made
for you to live, and for this?
And now, everyone will
know that you've bought
the devil's child into my arms.
I am finished.
God help me.
No.
Thanks.
[PHONE RINGING]
Hello, Katherine speaking.
Oh.
Mum, hi, Mum.
KATHERINE'S MOTHER
(ON PHONE): It
sounds like you're in the car.
Luke, darling, are you there?
Uh, yeah, I'm here.
We're just on the speakerphone.
KATHERINE'S MOTHER
(ON PHONE): I just
wanted to see how
your plans were
going, if you needed any help.
No, no, Mum, it's
my nose thing.
KATHERINE'S MOTHER (ON
PHONE): Oh, darling,
sounds like premarital stress.
I can never remember.
Is it head forward or back?
When can you come over?
KATHERINE'S MOTHER
(ON PHONE): I could
fly down in a couple of weeks.
Would that be soon enough?
You-- could you
make-- make it sooner?
KATHERINE'S MOTHER (ON
PHONE): Katie, are you there?
Why don't you take a day off?
SANDY (ON PHONE): Yup?
LUKE: Sandy, have you
seen that Fairer Day
article that was on my desk?
[DIAL TONE]
Thank you.
Sandy--
SANDY (ON PHONE): Can you
just hold on a minute?
Yeah, goodbye, Mrs. Bailey.
No, push the door.
Push it.
Heh-heh, that's it.
Yeah.
Luke, I'm so sorry.
Please don't fire me.
It's just it was
on the desk and I--
Sandy, it's fine, stop.
Just stop.
It's OK.
SANDY (ON PHONE): You sure?
Yup.
When you get a chance, can you
give me three copies of it,
please?
SANDY (ON PHONE): OK.
Three copies.
[KNOCKING]
Yeah?
Just put it on the desk, Sandy.
Sorry.
Uh, the receptionist
said I should-- sorry.
Sorry, um, are you Tony?
Um, I thought I was supposed
to see a female doctor,
but now I realize that
Tony could also be a bloke.
LUKE: Oh, I see.
Oh, I see.
-Yeah.
No, no.
Um, come in.
-Yeah.
-Please, sit down.
I think I like these better.
What do you think?
Is Tony in?
What's wrong?
Got a patient in my room.
Yeah, I know.
She wants to to see Tony.
Well, she didn't specify that.
What's the patient's name?
Mm, Amelia Browne,
with an E on the end.
Well, Tony's coming in soon,
so we'll be able to fit her in.
Like 10 minutes soon.
All right.
I've just talked to
reception and Dr. Tony Murphy
will be in in about 10
minutes and they said
you can be the first patient.
So--
-Oh.
-If you want to wait outside.
It doesn't matter.
I realized I was
being a bit silly.
So if you have the time?
LUKE: Sure, OK.
Are you sure?
Yeah, yeah, of course.
LUKE: Take a seat.
So have you been here before?
-No.
Um, a friend of mine
told me about the clinic
and, um, your
philosophy on healing.
I thought it sounded refreshing.
Well, that's good.
Hope we can live
up to refreshing.
Now, it's the second today.
OK.
Full name?
-Uh, Amelia Browne.
-Mhm.
That's fine.
I'll get Sandy to take
all your other details
after the consultation, so.
I'm sorry.
I'm Dr. Garfield.
Yeah, I know.
Sorry?
Oh.
Sorry, yeah.
[PHONE BEEPING]
Oh, excuse me.
Hello?
Mhm.
No, no, um-- Ms-- Mrs--
-Miss.
Miss.
Ms. Brown will see me now, yeah.
OK, thank you.
Now what can I do for you today?
Uh, uh, it's a little
embarrassing, but, um,
I found a lump in
my left breast.
And, uh, my breasts usually get
lumpy just before my period,
so I just sort of
left it, but it still
hasn't-- and it's still there.
It hasn't gone.
-OK.
So, um, uh, how long ago
did you find the lump?
Um, three months ago?
Yeah.
And is it painful?
Oh, only when I
put pressure on it.
OK.
And has it-- or does is
it reduce in size at all?
Uh, no.
Uh, maybe.
I-- really, no, I was just
hoping that it would go away.
Well, we'd better--
better take a look at it.
That sounds serious.
LUKE: No, no, no, no.
It's, um, it's just
a standard procedure.
It'll be fine.
OK?
Can you just step over to the--
Yeah.
Just remove your
shirt and your bra.
You ready?
AMELIA: Yeah.
Just raise your
arms about your head.
OK, just need you
to lie down for me.
OK, Ms. Browne, you can
get dressed now, thanks.
There's a lump, but--
but you know that.
What I'd like to do is
send you for an ultrasound.
Why an ultrasound?
Well, because you're
young and, um, a mammogram
might not show up any of the--
Abnormalities?
Yeah.
And depending what
happens there,
they want to do a biopsy.
Is tomorrow OK for you?
Yeah, it's fine.
Now, the results won't
be immediately sent to me,
but if you prefer,
I can have them.
Oh, no, no.
Should I be as
worried as you look?
As your doctor, I'm supposed
to say that any lump should be
a concern of some sort,
but, um, look, really,
worry's the last
thing you need to do.
OK?
There's a lot of reasons why
there could be a lump there.
If you prefer, I could send
your send stuff through to Tony.
No, no, no.
It's fine.
OK.
We should, um, we should go
and see Sandy and just sort
out an appointment for you.
-OK.
Oh, Sandy, could you
take Ms. Browne's details
and organize an appointment
for her, please?
SANDY: Yeah, sure.
AMELIA: Thanks for your time.
SANDY: Is Tuesday OK for you?
AMELIA: Yeah, that's good.
Well, if you'll excuse
me for a second?
SANDY: Lollipop?
AMELIA: Yeah, that's fine.
La.
What's going on?
This is what's going on.
It's for you.
I bought it as a wedding present
for you, and as a way of saying
sorry for the other day.
I love you.
Right.
If you don't like the
color, we can change that.
They had it in white,
silver, purple.
LUKE: I don't need a car.
Or this pebble green, pink.
Well, have a look
at the interior.
It is all leather.
LUKE: I-- I don't need a car.
It's so you, baby.
Luke, have to seat in it.
If you press this,
your seat warms up.
And listen.
[HONKING]
How awesome is that?
Um--
What?
Katherine, what's with-- jeez,
I mean, really, it's not even--
It's a joke.
Doctor G, do you get it?
It comes off.
It's only a sticker.
It's just really sticky.
It'll come off.
Just a sticker.
Which I can do that later.
Anyway.
Please?
At least say that you like it.
I do, I like it.
I just-- I like
riding and, really,
we don't need a second car.
Luke, a doctor should have
a good car, not a push bike.
Katie, it's so much money.
I love it when
you call me Katie.
You haven't called
me that in ages.
Anyway, I have the money.
Don't worry.
Please be grateful, Luke.
A normal person
would be grateful.
Oh, thanks.
Hey.
-I've finished up for the day.
-OK.
WOMAN (VOICEOVER): You
know, Luke, sometimes when
I'm working with people like
you to clarify their dreams,
and when they're ready and
willing to go a little deeper,
we can go down into
the deeper reaches
of their own subconscious mind.
We can explore because
the answers are within us.
We can look and see
our past existences.
Oh.
[CRYING]
LUKE (VOICEOVER):
I can't do this.
You know, with the wedding and
everything, what if you-- how
about you had some time out?
Do you want some time off?
Yeah?
Yeah.
Yeah, OK.
-That'll be good.
-OK.
That'll be good.
And then-- and this woman comes
into the practice I knew her.
Somehow, I knew her, like a--
not like an old girlfriend
or a old patient or a--
What are you talking about?
This is series.
Mr. Waiter, we need
another round, thanks.
Come on.
Hey.
Hey, hey.
Have you talked to
Katherine about this?
What am I going to say to her?
Well, how about the truth?
You really piss me off.
[DOOR SLAMMING]
Luke, I'm back.
Luke?
LUKE: Here.
[KNOCKING]
Open up.
It's not funny.
Luke, what are you
doing in there?
LUKE: Nothing.
What do you mean nothing?
[KNOCKING]
I met a Whippet
breeder on the plane
and he gave me
his business card.
Have I done something?
LUKE: No.
No, it's not you, it--
I just had a hard day.
Well--
Let's talk about it.
LUKE: No, I just need some time.
Do you want me to
scramble you some eggs?
LUKE: That would be nice.
How many?
300.
[LAUGHTER]
I love you.
Are you scared?
I am.
Not a lot, but a little.
Please let me in.
LUKE: Yeah, you're
probably right.
I just need some time
off, get away someplace.
Well, it's probably
not a bad idea.
Hm.
I mean, Tony can
do extra hours now.
And anyway, I think we
should be looking at--
You know, she even
made me scrambled eggs.
I'm sorry I got so drunk.
You should be, you bastard.
Yeah.
Everything's fine.
I'm just under a lot of stress.
I've stopped hyp-- just stand.
What are you doing?
Don't-- don't talk.
Don't talk.
Hey, Luke.
Oh, this is my
partner, business
partner at the clinic, Hugh.
Yeah, um, actually,
a good friend of mine
comes and sees you.
She recommended.
Who's your friend?
Um, Lisa Wells.
-And you are?
-Uh, Amelia Browne.
Nice to meet you.
-Nice to meet you.
Uh, do you work
around here, Amelia?
Uh, yeah, just up there.
Well, I-- I'd better go.
Lovely to meet you.
Yeah, you, too.
Hey, um, wink
three times if it's
bad news, two if it's good?
Um-- look, I'm-- I
can't wink anyways.
It's-- it's like
a genetic thing.
I just-- roll my tongue and that
one, but I can't blink at all.
Well, I can blink,
but I can't wink.
That one.
There.
-Can you do this, Hugh?
-No.
No, no, I have my
dignity to think of.
Well, if you're not going
to wink, I'll-- I'll go.
So it was lovely to meet you.
-Likewise.
Can I see you for a moment?
Yeah, sure.
-What's this?
-What's it look like?
You're disgusting.
It's not mine.
I'm your employer.
You can't-- can you
talk to me about this?
Whoa, you're brave.
It's not mine-- why
don't you blame him?
Why do you blame me?
It's called process
of elimination, Luke.
Had to have one of you and
you're acting really weird.
Maybe it's Tony's.
SANDY: Ugh.
You are in trouble.
Can I have a look at that?
You're disgusting.
SANDY: And by the way, Ms.
Browne's results came in.
-Good morning.
-Jesus.
What are you doing here?
Catching up on some work.
I mean in my seat.
-Oh.
-Get out.
Are you always this scary?
Pretty much.
I'll get you a coffee.
You look like crap.
[PHONE RINGING]
AMELIA: Sorry, I'm early.
LUKE: No, it's fine.
Please come in, sit down.
How do you feel?
-Nervous.
Yeah, the-- well, the
results have come in
and, uh, they could be better.
How much better?
The lump will
need to be removed.
Uh, the cells were
found to be malignant.
AMELIA: OK.
Then what?
Uh, then, well, yeah, if
you mean after the operation,
then-- then there's many
paths that you can go down,
and chemotherapy is
only one of those paths.
And here at the clinic,
we-- we do all sorts
of treatments for all
sorts of conditions
that are a lot less intrusive.
I know it's not the only way,
but it is-- it's a good option
and I know that it works.
I'm sorry.
Um.
I should go.
-Please.
Um--
-No.
Please don't.
Please-- please stay.
Amelia, um, I need to explain
to you what happens next--
What we need to look
at, what you need to do.
AMELIA: The strange thing is--
If it was just cancer--
and that's what I think
you're telling me here, right?
I don't know.
It's sort of be OK.
Not OK, but at least private.
Hey, um, I don't have any
more appointments on, if you
want to-- I don't know--
What if I don't
go through with it?
Why would you do that?
Well, how long do I have?
Uh, I'm-- I'm always wary
of giving time predictions,
especially in your case.
There's lots of other
tests that needs to be--
No, two, three,
four weeks, months?
Amelia, no, as your
doctor, I strongly
recommend that you don't
consider that as an option.
What about as men?
What?
Tell me.
Tell me you'd fine your wife--
Wife to be.
Tell me you'd find your
wife to be as attractive
or as desirable if she was--
Of course I would.
Did you buy that dress?
AMELIA (VOICEOVER): So are
excited about the wedding?
LUKE (VOICEOVER): Yeah.
Nervous.
In a couple weeks,
you'll be relieved.
You'll see.
So is it a big wedding?
No.
50 people or so.
Do you have family
here that can--
No.
You promise not
to talk about it.
Not now.
Do you know what's weird?
You know how people
say they can't
believe it's happening to them?
Well, I really can't believe
this is happening to me.
I'm only 30.
30 what?
Something.
I'm in the gap.
The gap?
Reinvention gap.
Um, it's sort of, well, it's
still there, but in a way
it's a time where you
can change, make choices
to-- you can change yourself or,
um, do anything, meet someone.
Why would you want
to reinvent yourself?
Uh, because--
because I want to be
the person I know I am inside.
What makes you think
you know what you feel
inside isn't how you appear?
Oh, because, uh, sometimes I
don't know what to say in front
of people and the
lines shrivel up
and it always happens
in the most critical
situations possible, you know?
And then I get home and sort
of slap myself for not saying
anything or sticking
up for myself,
or-- yeah, well,
it's just pathetic.
-Oh, I think we all do that one.
-Really?
Do you?
Mm.
Yeah, yeah.
I don't melt. I, um, I freeze.
Oh, all right.
Is that what you were doing
the other day when I met you?
[LAUGHTER]
Oh, no, no.
That was, um, that
was straight theater.
Oh.
Mm.
Yeah, the practice isn't
going so well, so, you know,
Hugh and I have to
do concerts at lunch.
Bring in a bit extra cash.
AMELIA: Really?
Isn't it weird how we have this
idea that we're-- we're going
to get life right?
That one day, we're
going to wake up
and it's going to be perfect.
But it already is.
I mean, no matter
how awful it is,
it's perfect because it's alive
and spoiling and miraculous.
LUKE (VOICEOVER): You
really believe that?
AMELIA (VOICEOVER): Absolutely.
Don't you?
I can give you a
lift home if you like.
Oh, no, thanks.
I'm fine.
I know I said I wasn't
going to talk about it,
but you have to make a decision.
I can book you
into the hospital.
And then, at least from
there, you can make a choice.
Um, I'm so scared.
I don't want to die.
LUKE: Katherine?
Home.
Well.
Oh, Jesus.
What do you think?
What is-- what is all this?
KATHERINE: I think I should
be asking you that question.
Tea?
And how-- how long have you been
carrying these around with you?
These pictures?
These magazines?
No, Katherine,
they're not mine.
You don't understand.
You are just like all
the rest, every other man.
You're just blowing
this out of proportion.
How dare you?
How dare you go
through my things?
I thought you were more
of a legs and ass man.
-Oh, stop it, Katherine.
-Come here.
Am I not perfect enough for you?
Is that it?
-No.
-Is that the problem?
What the fuck is it?
It's your filthy
mouth actually.
Don't walk away from me.
Which one do you like the best?
Hey?
Do you like this?
Don't do this to
yourself, Katherine.
Please.
Please just tell me.
I just want you to
tell me what is that.
I just want you to tell me.
[CRYING]
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I don't know if I can do this.
I know.
I know I've been so awful.
I just want everything
to be right.
I-- I just want
everything to be right.
I just feel-- I feel
so fat and ugly.
Katherine, I'm sorry.
I--
How can I compete with this?
You must hate me so much.
I just don't know
if I can do this.
I don't know if I can
do all this organizing.
[KNOCKING]
WOMAN (AT DOOR): Katherine?
Luke?
Maybe we should--
We should just get someone
else to organize it.
[KNOCKING]
WOMAN (AT DOOR): Are you there?
[COUGHING]
Just let me go.
It will help you.
Please, let me die.
Sun.
Moon.
Any messages?
Sorry, I'm late.
Good afternoon, Sandy.
Good afternoon, Luke.
Hi, sorry.
Well, Rupert's here.
Your mail.
Um, and Ms. Browne with
an E called for you.
Luke?
The file.
Hi.
How are you doing?
Come in.
Hey, Sandy, is Hugh in?
[PHONE RINGING]
Uh, is anyone with him?
Good afternoon.
The Wellness Center,
Sandy speaking.
[KNOCKING]
-Hi.
Hey, um, I just-- I can't stay.
Um-- um-- um-- flat out.
But, um, do you
remember Amelia Browne?
Yeah.
Yeah, um, with the wedding
and, um, the lily and the cake--
just-- I was wondering would you
be able to look after her case?
I'm not asking you chat about
her or anything like that.
I just-- I just need
someone in there to-- she
needs a bit of
perspective on everything.
It's a small, small favor.
Sure.
[EXHALE]
Thanks.
Oh, yeah, are you
coming to the rehearsal?
HUGH: Of course.
-Thanks.
Thank you.
And also the corsage
for my man here.
Beautiful.
Listen, when will you get back?
Maybe we can bring someone
else on board at work.
Maybe Tony can go full-time.
Did you remember to
call Mrs. Burrows?
Yeah.
Don't worry.
All your patients are fine.
Stop the car.
HUGH: What?
Just here is fine.
What are you doing?
Is the boot open?
HUGH: What are you doing?
What a-- what about your suit?
-It's all right.
Don't worry about it.
-Here.
Thanks.
See you there.
[EXHALE]
I was preparing a speech.
Wasn't going to be pretty.
I know.
The bride's arrived now.
OFFICIATOR: Friends,
we are gathered
here on this special occasions
to celebrate the marriage of--
[LAUGHTER]
Wait for me.
[MUSIC - BOBBY FLYNN, "COME GET
AWAY"]